# Catalog## OverviewThis project includes:A python module named "database_setup.py" for setting up database structure and two python modules ("catalogpopulatorwithusers.py" and "catalogpopulator.py") for populating database.The python module "catalogpopulatorwithusers.py" is currently set to use with the module "database_setup.py". Note: Both "catalogpopulatorwithusers.py" and "catalogpopulator.py" do NOT have "user_id" entries.  You might get null value if you try to use "user_id".To fixed this, you probably need to manually type in "user_id".A python module named "catalog.py" for adding, editing, deleting categories and items and user authentification.A folder named "static" which includes a file named "style.css" and an image file.A folder named "templates" which includes all the html files.## Requirements* python 2.7* python-flask * python-sqlalchemy* python-pip* pip install bleach* pip install oauth2client* pip install requests* pip install httplib2* pip install flask-httpauth* You need a Google account and a Facebook account to create Oauth credentials. Follow the [Google](https://developers.google.com/youtube/registering_an_application#create_project) and [Facebook](https://developers.facebook.com/) instructions.After you created Google Credentials for your app, download its JSON format and save it as "client_secrets.json" in the same directory as "catalog.py" file.After your created Facebook AppID and App Secret, copy and paste in the code below, then save it as "fb_client_secrets.json" in the same directory as "catalog.py" file.```{  "web": {    "app_id": "Copy and paste FACEBOOK APP ID here",    "app_secret": "Copy and paste FACEBOOK App Secret here"  }}```  ## Setting up database structureRun database_setup.py## Run catalog.pyNote: Both Google and Facebook Oauth are set to email identification. If you use the same email for both Facebook and Google account to sign in. You'll be identified as a single user, even though you logged in separately from Google and Facebook.